Update authenticating-and-authorizing-rest-apis.md (#2709)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/develop/authenticating-and-authorizing-rest-apis.md

WSO2 Identity Server supports three ways of API authentication:

> -   Basic authentication: Uses the user’s credentials in the API invocation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Basic authentication: API's are invoked with the user's credentials.
```

> -   OAuth 2 common flows: Obtains a token using an oauth2 flow and uses it to invoke the API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   OAuth 2 common flows: Gets a token using an oauth2 flow and uses it to invoke the API.
```

> -   Client certificate-based: Uses Mutual SSL to authenticate in order to consume the APIs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Client certificate-based: Uses mutual SSL to authenticate when consuming APIs.
```
